(DOCSP-45646) Pillar content (#47)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/cost-optimization.txt

.. default-domain:: mongodb

The Cost Optimization pillar of the {+service+} {+waf+} includes
features that help you control database costs in |service-fullname|.

Use the following {+atlas-arch-center+} resources to learn about cost
optimization in {+service+}:

.. card-group::
   :columns: 2
   :style: extra-compact

   .. card::
      :headline: Cost-Saving Configurations

>       :url: https://mongodb.com/docs/tbd/cost-saving-config/

Author: @sarahsimpers, please search for tbd in all topics. I will replace these, of course, with the full paths once we have them. Thank you!

      :icon: atlas_usage_based_pricing
      :icon-alt: Atlas usage-based pricing icon

>       Enable auto-scaling on your cluster tier so that |service| automatically
>       adjusts resources based on usage and prevents over-provisioning.
>       To minimize data transfer costs, configure {+clusters+} with
>       same-provider,same-region transfers whenever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Get recommendations to save costs, such as enabling auto-scaling on your cluster tier so that |service| automatically
      adjusts resources based on usage and prevents over-provisioning.
```

   .. card::

>       :headline: Cost-Saving Configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :headline: Billing Data
```

      :url: https://mongodb.com/docs/tbd/billing-data/
      :icon: general_features_transactions
      :icon-alt: Atlas transactions and costs icon

>       Use billing dashboards to monitor usage across categories and time periods.
>       To reduce resource consumption and lower costs, you can also optimize
>       queries, terminate {+clusters+} in development environments, configure
>       alerts, and review invoices in the Cost Explorer in |service|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Leverage tags and access billing data programmatically to track your |service| spending in your FinOps tool by environment, team, and more. Use billing dashboards to monitor usage.
```
